******************************
C02 Basic Data Types and Operations
******************************

Exercise
=========================
1.Write code with operator “++” and “--”,and analyze their differences.

E.g: int a = 5; int b = a++;int c = ++a; Print the values of variable “a” ,“b” and “c”;

2.Write code to implement data type conversion. Print the result.

E.g: float f = 1.98; int a = f; printf(“a = %d\\n”,a);

3.Input a capital letter from your keyboard via function “getchar()” ,change it into lowercase and print it via function “putchar()”;

4.There are three ways to deposit your money into a bank.

1)Annual Interest Rate r1 = 0.36%, keep it for one year;

2)Annual Interest Rate r2 = 2.225%, keep it for one year;

3)Annual Interest Rate r3 = 1.98%, deposit it twice for a year, drawing money from the bank at the middle of the year and then deposit them again.

Calculate your money after saving it for a year in all three methods.

5.Input a float number , round it and print it;

6.Input 3 integers, each of them means different side of a triangle, calculate its area and print it out.

7.Float data calculation.

1)The radius of a circle is r . Calculate its perimeter and area.

2)The height of a cylinder is h,and r is its radius.Calculate its volume.

3)The radius of a ball is r.Calculate its surface area and its volume. All of the results keep two decimals.

8.Encrypt the word “China”. Encryption rule is replacing each letter with the fourth letter after itself.
  
E.g: A->E,B->F; Print the result;

