******************************
C04 Arrays and Struct
******************************

Exercise
=========================
**Array**

1.Define an array A which contains ten integers. Assign i (0-9) to A[i] and print it in reversed order.

2.Choose the largest integer in array B which contains number 32, 89, 3, 36, 98, 12, 16, 90, 46, 56.

3.Sort array B in the last question with bubble sort.

4.Given two matrices A and B whose dimensions are 3*3. Assign value that you own defined to them and then print them.

5.Assign a random value to the matrix A that in the last question with "rand()" function. Find out the largest integer.

6.Define a character array A by yourself and then print them one by one.

7.Read a line of characters from your keyboard via “gets()” function. Calculate the quantity of words.

8.Combine two strings by your own function.(Don’t use “strcat” function in C Library)

**Struct**

1.Store a student’s information(including student number,name,gender,address) in a struct. Print the information of this student.

2.Define a struct named Student including student number,name and score. Input two information of two students and print the info of the student whose score is higher.

3.Input 5 students’ info including student number,name,scores of Chinese,maths and English. Print the info of the student whose total score is the highest.

4.Define a struct named Student including number,name and score.Store 5 students’ info into an array. Sort the array according to score. Print them in an increasing order.

5.Define a Date struct. Calculate what day does the day rank in the year. Pay attention to the leap year.
