******************************
C05 Pointer
******************************

Exercise
=========================
1.Define two integer variables, and define two pointer variables pointing to these two integer variables. Then change the value of the integer through the pointer, and output the value of these two integer variables through the pointer.

2.There is an integer array with 5 elements: 12,34,2,34,56. Now you are supposed to set a pointer pointing to this array. Output values of the elements in the array through the pointer.

3.There is a 3 by 3 matrix, and the matrix is assigned a value of 0-100 in the way of generating random numbers. You need to set a pointer to point at the matrix and output the elements in the matrix through the pointer. The output should be in the form of 3 by 3.

4.Student information includes name, student number, and gender. Define a structural variable stu and a struct pointer p, the pointer p points to the structural variable stu, through which students' information is output.

5.Define a character pointer that points to the string "hello world" and output it through the character pointer variable.

6.Define a character pointer and enter a string through the gets function. The pointer points to the input string. Count how many uppercase letters, lowercase letters, Numbers, Spaces and other characters are in the string.Output the final results.

7.Define a character pointer, use the gets function to input the string s, the character pointer points to the string s, and then enter the character c, requiring that all of the c characters in s are removed and output the result.

8.Define a character pointer array, containing five elements: Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu, Chongqing, Kunming. Output the five city names in lexicographic order.(Use the strcmp function)

Sample Code
=========================
